Alex Kladitis: It's just… It's just…
Jerry Michalski: This is the OGM weekly call for Thursday, November 6th, 2025, and we're talking about switching from left-hand drive to right-hand drive.
Jerry Michalski: Oops.
Jerry Michalski: And inconveniently, I was just receiving a call, which I declined.
Gil Friend • Sustainability OG • CxO Coach: Actually, it's about driving on the left side of the road to driving on the right side of the road.
Jerry Michalski: Thank you, yeah, I was trying to…
Gil Friend • Sustainability OG • CxO Coach: And left-hand drive is the reverse thing, it's where the wheel is.
Jerry Michalski: And left-hand drive… right. Exactly.
Jerry Michalski: And I… can anybody Google whether other countries have done this besides Sweden?
Jerry Michalski: Or even clawed.
Pete Kaminski: Cool.
Jerry Michalski: Somebody else?
Pete Kaminski: Nigeria, Ghana, Saudi Arabia, Yemen.
Jerry Michalski: I mean, there were so much.
Alex Kladitis: 19.
Gil Friend • Sustainability OG • CxO Coach: Pizza does all do a.
Alex Kladitis: Overnight?
Gil Friend • Sustainability OG • CxO Coach: implies a lot.
Gil Friend • Sustainability OG • CxO Coach: Coordination, that's probably rare.
Pete Kaminski: It's… I haven't quite got to how fast it was, but it was pretty fast, too.
Jerry Michalski: You kind of have to do…
Alex Kladitis: They can go.
Jerry Michalski: You have to do it all at once. Go ahead.
Gil Friend • Sustainability OG • CxO Coach: Yeah.
Alex Kladitis: The main reason was it was the British Empire, and they drove on the left.
Alex Kladitis: So why did the US… Go to the right from the start.
Alex Kladitis: They were supposed to be colonies.
Pete Kaminski: It's whether you descend from England or Germany.
Pete Kaminski: So, Germans were on the right.
Alex Kladitis: So, was there a time where the…
Alex Kladitis: different states in the US, the carriages were driving in the wrong… the different sites.
Pete Kaminski: question.
Jerry Michalski: A good question. We, you know, we could look this up. And I seem to remember that at one point, left or right-hand drive had to do with which hand was free when you were in the carriage with horses. And so if you… most people are right-handed, so you wanted to be able to use your right hand
Jerry Michalski: Defensively, I have no idea, but I think that has something to do…
Gil Friend • Sustainability OG • CxO Coach: I heard that it stems from… from… from tournaments, from Knights tournaments.
Jerry Michalski: From jousting?
Gil Friend • Sustainability OG • CxO Coach: And free for your jousting harness, for your right hand free for your weapon, but that may be totally crap, I don't know.
Jerry Michalski: Yep.
Jerry Michalski: So here we go. We have our amateur historical theories.
Pete Kaminski: To warm up our space. I think another one is what side of the ship you unload.
Jerry Michalski: Well, that's port and starboard.
Gil Friend • Sustainability OG • CxO Coach: Huh.
Pete Kaminski: But I… I think that descended, or it…
Jerry Michalski: Do you think it's connected?
Pete Kaminski: To, yeah.
Jerry Michalski: Oh, now I'm… Latigo is a whip.
Jerry Michalski: Victoria.
Jerry Michalski: The, Briefly, we… before they invented the rudder at the stern of the ship.
Jerry Michalski: There were steer boards, and this is the origin of the words, cyborg.
Jerry Michalski: Because it was actually the… well, more interestingly, perhaps, the steer board, because most people were right-handed, was usually on the right side of your ship, and you didn't want to damage the steer board when you docked, so you would dock on… you would put the port on the port side.
Jerry Michalski: And that's why we have steerboard and port, which became port and starboard.
Alex Kladitis: Oh, boy.
Jerry Michalski: So that's why The port was always on your, on your left.
Gil Friend • Sustainability OG • CxO Coach: I'm so glad I come to OGM.
Gil Friend • Sustainability OG • CxO Coach: kinds of things.
Jerry Michalski: Some days I feel like this clavering, I'm full of shit like that, so… Off we go.
Pete Kaminski: different countries switched in one day. The difference is actually the lead time. Sweden took 3 or 4 years, and other countries took 1 or 2.
Jerry Michalski: Thank you.
Jerry Michalski: Fabulous. Today, we are on the first Thursday of November, which typically means we do a check-in routine.
Jerry Michalski: Mmm… Victoria, I don't think you've been through one of our check-in rounds, so I'll explain the protocol.
Jerry Michalski: I am going to not moderate until everybody has checked in only once. We don't want any conversation between the check-ins. Each of us is just going to check in and say, what OGME thing is on our minds, or have we done, or is, like, active for us? It's not…
Jerry Michalski: The idea is not to sort of dump the whole laundry list of everything you're doing into the call, but rather to pick something that feels
Jerry Michalski: exemplifies what you've been up to in some sense. And
Jerry Michalski: we don't use the chat, and this is difficult, I know, but especially for Pete and for me, who adore following things up with, oh, I found it, I found it, here's… look, look what the link is. But Pete and I will probably do that privately, and then once everybody has checked in once, we switch back into normal conversational mode.
Jerry Michalski: But I… during the check-in, whoever wants to talk next, raise your hand, or just, if nobody has their hand raised, just step in, step into the call. Whenever you're moved to,
Jerry Michalski: Check in.
Jerry Michalski: And, what am I forgetting about the protocol?
Jerry Michalski: I think that's most of it. So, try not to engage in conversation during the check-in round, it's just one person at a time, and then just make notes on a piece of paper in the chat without hitting enter, without hitting return, so it doesn't go to the chat, but make notes about stuff you'd like to talk about when we go back into conversation mode, that's all.
Jerry Michalski: There you go Excellent.
Jerry Michalski: So, with that, I am going to mute myself, and
Jerry Michalski: Oh, oh, I know what I forgot.
Jerry Michalski: we… during check-in rounds, we like, empty space. We like quiet. So it's perfectly fine for us to be still and just hang out with each other, kind of quicker meeting style. That is a big plus, because this is a bit of an antidote to our normally frenzied pace.
Jerry Michalski: Through conversations.
Jerry Michalski: That's the thing I forgot.
Gil Friend • Sustainability OG • CxO Coach: Jerry, could I just suggest, before we go into a formal check-in round, that, silence is not a terrible thing even during a normal call? We might…
Gil Friend • Sustainability OG • CxO Coach: A little more breath.
Jerry Michalski: Agreed, and I occasionally… I occasionally take us into silence during a normal call, but I often… I often forget for too long, so…
Gil Friend • Sustainability OG • CxO Coach: I welcome it when you do it.
Jerry Michalski: Thank you. And I love taking groups into silence, and they always welcome it. Everybody's like, oh, okay, good. And you can just see people tune in differently, so it's lovely. Thank you for the reminder again.
Jerry Michalski: With that, I'm gonna mute myself and see who wants to be our first, check-in.
Scott Moehring: I think I'm gonna go first.
Scott Moehring: Yeah,
Scott Moehring: So… Thinking about my personal projects and stuff.
Scott Moehring: I stumbled onto a guy named Kevin McLeod.
Scott Moehring: Through a documentary that I haven't watched yet. So, Kevin McCloud.
Scott Moehring: Has made 2,000 pieces of royalty-free music.
Scott Moehring: and made them available under the Creative Commons.
Scott Moehring: He did this just… He was a composer and decided to start doing this.
Scott Moehring: And as a result, his music has been picked up and used in the backgrounds of
Scott Moehring: countless TikTok videos and Facebook Reels, and all that kind of stuff.
Scott Moehring: One of his songs has been played 31.6 billion times.
Scott Moehring: He's the most prolific composer you've never heard of, according to the New York Times.
Scott Moehring: And what it made me think about… Was the idea of… Remixability.
Scott Moehring: Of what you are producing.
Scott Moehring: And instead of making meals, making Perhaps ingredients or recipes.
Scott Moehring: And things that other people can and want to use to create things that are theirs.
Scott Moehring: As opposed to… Spending most of my time creating something that's… Perfect and self-contained and…
Scott Moehring: It's its own thing, never to be taken apart and…
Scott Moehring: Given a life of its own.
Scott Moehring: Through interactions with other people.
Scott Moehring: So, that relates to the projects that I've been working on, and it's kind of given me a different sort of perspective on
Scott Moehring: that idea.
Scott Moehring: How can I make the things that I'm doing more… Remixable.
Scott Moehring: By the people who might want to use them.
Scott Moehring: I've talked about my universals.
Scott Moehring: set of… frameworks, and I've turned them into a little deck that I've been playing around with.
Scott Moehring: And the ability to take several and move them around and recombine them and all of that has changed it for me.
Scott Moehring: And I hope that it's going to make it actually more usable.
Scott Moehring: for other people, should I publish this?
Scott Moehring: And that's it for me.
Gil Friend • Sustainability OG • CxO Coach: Well, I'll go. I'll confess, I'm finding it very hard not to comment on what Scott just said, but I won't.
Gil Friend • Sustainability OG • CxO Coach: Most OGM-y things for me, and Alex will like hearing about this, that I've been working on vibe coding, a technique for scrubbing, for automatically de-identifying, transcripts of coaching conversations that I'm having with my clients. As most of you know, I'm
Gil Friend • Sustainability OG • CxO Coach: Primarily working these days as an executive coach.
Gil Friend • Sustainability OG • CxO Coach: Excuse me.
Gil Friend • Sustainability OG • CxO Coach: For CXOs and founders, who are purpose-driven, I,
Gil Friend • Sustainability OG • CxO Coach: I de-identify the conversations, I feed them into one of two bots that I've got running, one on Delphi and one that Alex and I have been building custom in the lab, which is more cool and sophisticated. And of course, to use that, I have to get any personally identifying information out of the scheme. I've done that with manual global search and replace for a long time, and now I've got Claude
Gil Friend • Sustainability OG • CxO Coach: Has built me a drag and drop.
Gil Friend • Sustainability OG • CxO Coach: finished configuring it yesterday, and today I'll test it on a handful of clients and see how well it does, and if it works well, then we're off to the races.
Gil Friend • Sustainability OG • CxO Coach: And, aside from the specifics of that, it's cool for me to be diving in… this is my first re-entry into the world of coding in, like, 100 years.
Gil Friend • Sustainability OG • CxO Coach: And so, kind of remarkable what, what's possible, both out of the box and with the kind of fine-tuning that becomes available. I know that a number of you have done way more than me.
Gil Friend • Sustainability OG • CxO Coach: But that's the OGME report from me for today.
Gil Friend • Sustainability OG • CxO Coach: And I'm still here, but I'm gonna hide, because I'm preparing breakfast, and you don't want to watch that.
Stacey Druss: I'm passing today.
Alex Kladitis: I'll do it.
Alex Kladitis: If I may,
Alex Kladitis: Something that surprised me, happened this week. I came across this week. Like, sadly, it's going to be an AI thing, but slightly different, I hope.
Alex Kladitis: So, ever since LLMs have become so powerful, I have set up a number of them where
Alex Kladitis: They scan the finance pages, and they give me a report every morning, they scan lots of medical things, give me reports, etc.
Alex Kladitis: So, won't go into it, but I just wanted to know what China was saying.
Alex Kladitis: And I repurposed I'll use the usual… the same format, more or less. I repurposed it so that
Alex Kladitis: its task, as I asked it, was to…
Alex Kladitis: scan all the Chinese, or as many Chinese, Big daily website papers, whatever.
Alex Kladitis: And tell me what the Chinese are talking about.
Alex Kladitis: Just that.
Alex Kladitis: And what I've found, cut a long story short, is that
Alex Kladitis: I'm using ChatGPT. It would not give me
Alex Kladitis: what the Chinese papers are saying, without telling me why they're either wrong, or this is a true situation, or whatever. It was as if, inbuilt into the AI,
Alex Kladitis: Is this bit that says.
Alex Kladitis: whatever the Chinese say is not true, this is the interpretation that we're giving. And I've tried really hard to say to it, do not comment on it, do not do anything. All I want is a strapline of what they're saying. That is it.
Alex Kladitis: And the reason I found it interesting was because, in the end, I gave up, because I just wouldn't do it.
Alex Kladitis: The reason I find it interesting is because when DeepSea came up, which is the Chinese thing.
Alex Kladitis: the whole press was saying it's biased towards pro-China stuff.
Alex Kladitis: And it was. If you… if you tried to do anything, anything politics with it, it would, and particularly Tiananmen Square, it would actually not…
Alex Kladitis: Not behave in our biostanders.
Alex Kladitis: But I was surprised to see how
Alex Kladitis: Obviously, in my opinion, it's inbuilt into the training data.
Alex Kladitis: that we have our biases as well. And more to the point.
Alex Kladitis: It's, you know, we talk about AI being safe and whatever, you know, all this.
Alex Kladitis: And I'm surprised that it's so inbuilt. I could talk about this for a lot further, but basically, it just surprised me that our
Alex Kladitis: AIs are also quite Opinionated in certain directions, particularly that one.
Alex Kladitis: So…
Pete Kaminski: I'll go.
Pete Kaminski: As you may know, I've been using, Agentic AI assistance for software development for, I don't know, 6-8 months, probably longer than that. So I'm using… I've been using Cloud Code, and it…
Pete Kaminski: Is… it works with me about at the level of a human software developer.
Pete Kaminski: Agentic means lots of crazy things, and AI means lots of crazy things, but when I say agentic AI, coding assistant, what I mean is…
Pete Kaminski: something like an LLM, but set up so that it can read and write many files, source code files, or text files, or whatever. And also, one of the things it does is, you can tell it
Pete Kaminski: to do something, and it will make a little list for itself. Here's a bunch of to-dos that I need to get Pete's bug fixed, or feature implemented, or something like that. And then it goes down that list, and checks them off, and does another thing, checks it off, does another thing. So it takes the LLM experience and kind of up-levels it towards
Pete Kaminski: an autonomous human kind of level, and I don't mean that it's smart like a human, or thoughtful like a human, or creative like a human, although it kind of is, all of those.
Pete Kaminski: So, a thing that I've been tracking for a long time is doing the same thing with, text, either non-fiction or fiction.
Pete Kaminski: Having a bot understand, like, a big chunk of, serial fiction, for instance, and being able to write new episodes, or going over the whole thing and making a plan for
Pete Kaminski: you know, new volume in a series, something like that. It does that really well. I think it would also work great for a legal team, doing a bunch of work with lots of documents, and they kind of all need to fit together and change, you know, together, and…
Pete Kaminski: Tell me, you know, tell me the overarching meaning of these documents together. Tell me which ones don't quite fit right. How would you rewrite it? Go ahead and try rewriting that and see if I like the draft that you do. No, I don't like that one. Throw it away, do another one.
Pete Kaminski: Nonfiction, big…
Pete Kaminski: research studies, fiction, legal stuff, anything where you're using a corpus of documents and multiple people. So I've been super excited about this for a while, and have a hard time explaining to people why it's cool and why they should be doing it as the same like me. I finally got the first taste of… I've worked with a couple people.
Pete Kaminski: Adopting these tools, and…
Pete Kaminski: it's kind of a mix of, like, terror, because, you know, there's a lot of overhead to get to be able to work with the tool. It doesn't feel like a lot of overhead to me, because software developers built these things, so they built it, so it just fits… slots perfectly into a software development thing.
Pete Kaminski: And for me, it feels like there's a little bit of a difference between
Pete Kaminski: building software and building an Obsidian Vault, and yada yada, and using Git, and it gets more and more complicated, kind of. So, so the newest one, Cloud Code, now has a web version. You don't have to use your terminal. There's another one called Droid from a company named Factory AI, which also has a web.
Pete Kaminski: the web versions also work on mobile, kind of, so we're right at the cusp of these things not being where you need a geek to… you don't need to be a geek to use it. However, I've also… I've also kind of had a…
Pete Kaminski: I… I was really disappointed in the…
Pete Kaminski: in the difficulty with which a non-technical person had to kind of, like, muscle their way through it. I was watching somebody use it, and they were happy, but I could see it was kind of like they had oven mitts on, and they were trying to do, you know, fine-grained tasks.
Pete Kaminski: So…
Pete Kaminski: Anyway, long story short, I think… I think Cloud Code Web, I… at least some people are getting a $250 credit if you go to your Cloud… Cloud Pro account.
Pete Kaminski: it might say, you should try Cloud Code Web, and here's $250 for you to spend by November 18th. Droid has another big promotion right now.
Pete Kaminski: More people should be doing this, and I'm kind of pulling back from saying everybody should do it right away, because it's a little hard, and using the web version is actually even a little bit more hard than the terminal version, I think. It's an easier on-ramp, but goes…
Pete Kaminski: goes… it's harder… it's more like molasses or something like that. Everybody's gonna be doing this kind of stuff in 18 months, 24 months. You could be doing it today. I would love to show some people how to do that more.
Pete Kaminski: Kind of as a coda, one of the things that I've been doing, a lot of times from an OGM call.
Pete Kaminski: Somebody will mention something, I think it was last week, actually, Stacy mentioned something about,
Pete Kaminski: people in her building working together, and that makes a… a little society that protects itself from outsiders and things like that. And I said, huh, that reminds me of the broken windows theory, that reminds me of this, that reminds me of that. And so…
Pete Kaminski: a thing I've been doing for about 6 months is…
Pete Kaminski: I know there's a bunch of frameworks around a topic.
Pete Kaminski: hey, AI, help me put together a wiki, you know, a 20-page kind of paper slash thesis slash framework slash overview of sometimes things that are a little bit different, that people have kind of been looking at the same part of the world.
Pete Kaminski: And coming up with different ways to do it, and they don't talk to each other. So the most fun for me is when me and the AI can kind of smash frameworks together that ought to go together, but never have before. And so I've been building these 10, 20-page websites like that.
Pete Kaminski: Collective efficacy, social cyclic theories, the intention-action gap.
Pete Kaminski: strategy and management frameworks, government… governance principles, commons stewardship by communities, and I… I just do these kind of one-off things, and they're half, like, amazing, and I've… I've pointed out a couple of them in the OGM list.
Pete Kaminski: And half, I'm embarrassed by it, because it's mostly built by AI. So, I'm working with the AIs now to kind of frame that into what is good about these things, and what is bad.
Pete Kaminski: how do humans work with them? Why is it okay that the AI has kind of organized things in a way that makes sense? So, I'm working on kind of a meta-collection of all these things together called
Pete Kaminski: field of sheaths. The, each of these things I'm thinking of as a sheaf.
Pete Kaminski: So now I've got, you know, 6 or 8 sheaves of, of whatever these things knowledge together. And, so I'm working on that. I'm too embarrassed to release it, and, yet, but I am working on it. If this is something that's like, oh my gosh, Pete, could I help, you know, could I do that? Could you help me do one of those myself?
Pete Kaminski: I'd love to… love to hear from you.
Pete Kaminski: Thanks.
Kevin Jones: I'll go next, quickly. If you guys got the Plex, I think, you should,
Kevin Jones: I'm really happy about the two people I asked to write for it, and they wrote this one, and I didn't have anything, and I was very happy with it, so…
Kevin Jones: That's…
David Witzel: Well, I'll toss in what I've been thinking about.
David Witzel: been playing with the notion of growth. The framework is kind of like, how do I…
David Witzel: integrate, regenerative notions that I've been, you know, developing over the last few years, or have been, you know, that have been emerging, I think, in many spaces over the last few years, into kind of the technocratic public policy background that I've… that I've always, thought of myself in.
David Witzel: And one of the key underlying things is that in the public policy world, we don't really focus on living systems. You know, we may talk about systems, we may, you know, and maybe not often even that. We just talk about optimization and efficiencies, and kind of, you know, there's,
David Witzel: these other values that get, get used as proxies for something good, I think.
David Witzel: And so we, you know, you tend to get trapped into making things a little bit better, and rarely can you get to kind of a positive sum outcome abundance kind of notions.
David Witzel: And so I've been like, well, how would I retrofit some of that into, you know, our old… the old framings? And, you know, what… another version of that is how… what can we learn from traditional economics? Like, a lot of people kind of want to just throw it away and say economists are fools, and…
David Witzel: you know, they're all… they're funny, I like to make fun of them and stuff. But, you know, there's a lot of wisdom in economics, too, so I wouldn't… I don't think we should toss it away. We should think of it as Indigenous knowledge, probably. So what… what is it, you know, how do these two things get together? And one of the core words, anyway, I think, is growth.
David Witzel: Traditional economics kind of relies on growth as… certainly as one of the answers to, like, do you want to get rid of poverty, how do you get rid of poverty? Well, you grow.
David Witzel: So there's… there's that kind of component, but the other is just kind of, like, economies tend to be robust while they're growing. They tend to get very fragile while they're not. So there's… there's this kind of key brain in there. And living systems are kind of critical. Growth matters a ton to living systems, and so I've just been wondering
David Witzel: Like, what are the kinds of growth and the perspectives on growth that would inform, kind of, traditional economics in a more of a living systems?
David Witzel: way.
David Witzel: And are there kind of examples, you know, basically, metaphors that we can take from biological systems around growth that would inform traditional economics in new ways?
David Witzel: And for, you know, part of what provoked this was somebody talking about a story of how they had submitted for their Stanford application decades ago. They had submitted… they had to write a review of the book they'd written, and the book that she had written was about the history of sourdough.
David Witzel: And how people, like, in the, as they were crossing the country, would keep their sourdough alive, and what it would take to keep your sourdough starter alive, and how, you know, the women pioneers were keeping the sourdough next to their breasts to keep it warm as they crossed the mountains.
David Witzel: And I was just thinking about, like, the lively… the sourdough being alive, and the growth of sourdough as being a metaphor for something.
David Witzel: So that's as far as I've got, and I need to take it to, Pete's, much more… much smarter AI now to try and evaluate it, but growth, what's… what's… what sort of insights can he get from growth?
Klaus Mager: Yeah, I got… I got an email yesterday from…
Klaus Mager: a mailing list, the Union of Concerned Scientists.
Klaus Mager: Sending out yet another, you know, last urgent warning.
Klaus Mager: And, and, and… This has been going on for, like, 3, 4 years.
Klaus Mager: And it's, from, from Oregon, actually, Portland's… I think Portland State, or Oregon State is, is the hub where now they're consolidating the data and,
Klaus Mager: And, you know, explain how we are passing one tipping point after the next.
Klaus Mager: Ann.
Klaus Mager: it will be ignored, you know, it's just yet another alert that people pay attention to, and people who know what it is, saying, okay, yeah, I know.
Klaus Mager: And others will dismiss it, like, you know, it has been done for, you know, a really long time.
Klaus Mager: So the… the…
Klaus Mager: the… what is really missing here is a transition to what can you actually do about this? And because there are lots of things, you know, we can do if we put our mind to it, but…
Klaus Mager: It just… it just doesn't… doesn't seem to want to work. And of course, what we're doing, with our Food with Thought effort here is to engage, not the neglected part of the market.
Klaus Mager: So you have small to medium-sized farmers, the… what's called the agriculture of the middle, who
Klaus Mager: who can't get into the market. And the reason that is important is because…
Klaus Mager: Food and agriculture is probably the most damaging part of our interaction with the natural world.
Klaus Mager: destroying, you know, watersheds and soils and biodiversity, and so it's incredibly damaging, but it has the capacity to turn that. It has the capacity, you know, to recover and to heal and to regenerate.
Klaus Mager: And the… in the… in the large companies, you know, whether that's Monsanto or Nestle or, you know, everybody in there, they're working to automate this. They're working to reduce nitrogen by, smart, technology.
Klaus Mager: Climate smart technology, and… and, Hugely capital intensive.
Klaus Mager: Even going to exclude more farmers who cannot get into the investment cost required to build, you know, these automations, and it's not really necessary.
Klaus Mager: you can absolutely, shift, you know, into regenerative practices at scale if farmers are being incentivized and paid for. So the…
Klaus Mager: what we would need to know about it, of course, is a farmer who wants to put in a cover crop and then put his cash crop in needs different pieces of equipment to make that work. Well, they're expensive.
Klaus Mager: Now, so… so how is… is a small to medium-sized farmer going to shift into environmental farming, you know, without, having
Klaus Mager: the support structure for it. And so what we are arguing as a core point here is there are measurements
Klaus Mager: That, make it possible to…
Klaus Mager: to monitor what a farmer is doing, what the farmer has promised to do, so put a contract out there, and then monitor the outputs of that. So there are already some great examples, for example, in the Mississippi with Delta,
Klaus Mager: there are groups of farmers who have been combined to reduce nitrogen runoff into the Mississippi River.
Klaus Mager: which then, of course, runs down into the Gulf of Mexico. Well, that's easy to measure, you know? It doesn't take much to track that. And the incentives have been sufficient enough for those farmers
Klaus Mager: who are, very conservative and typically not interested, in, in experimenting a lot, there's just so much money at stake that they are going to do it. And, and so what's these… what… and there are all kinds of, of little, like, one point…
Klaus Mager: measurements that can… that have the capacity to shift the entire system, because in order to reduce the nitrogen one-off, you have to find other ways to fertilize your crop.
Klaus Mager: Now, and so, in order… in the most…
Klaus Mager: A basic thing is soil health. So if you have to increase your soil health, now we're talking about putting a cover crop on it. Now, maybe doing a no-till, maybe rotating your crop into a different type of crop, maybe a perennial or so, in order to do this. So all these other things fall into place.
Klaus Mager: So by building a secondary revenue stream, the farmer now has two crops. He has his one, his food crop, and then he has an environmental benefit crop, you know, that comes out, that is linked together.
Klaus Mager: So we're saying this is one. I mean, in every industry, there are ways where we could insert ourselves and provide the incentives at scale, you know, to catch
Klaus Mager: the environmental deterioration that is, like, so obvious in your face now.
Klaus Mager: And in the… but what we are focusing on is the mostly NGOs, nonprofit, small, medium-sized farms. So… and the reason for that is that if you combine all of the farmers markets and the CSAs.
Klaus Mager: You know, and, and the,
Klaus Mager: The low-level, output of the sector. It's a single digit of total sales.
Klaus Mager: You know, last time I checked was, like, 3% of total sales, is if you combine all CSAs, farmers markets, into, into one… together.
Klaus Mager: So, to get these farmers into the wholesale market, that's our objective, to assist bundling and aggregating small farmers so they can participate in wholesale markets.
Klaus Mager: So I was just… I was just… and I wrote another newsletter. I mean, I was just thinking about how easy it would be
Klaus Mager: You know, to really make an impact, and how stubbornly resistant the market is to engage in change.
Jerry Michalski: I've got, one small thing and a bigger thing. The small thing is, I'm wearing a t-shirt, It's a beautiful day in this neighborhood, because April gave a talk in Pittsburgh, and after the talk, she went and visited the Mr. Rogers Museum.
Jerry Michalski: In Pittsburgh. And Mr. Rogers has a super interesting history, but Mr. Rogers played a really important role in April's childhood.
Jerry Michalski: Because she had a difficult relationship with her mom, and Mr. Rogers was telling her that she was okay just the way she is.
Jerry Michalski: And was one of the few entities that was doing that for her back in the day, and I didn't… I didn't realize how special that was until we had talked about it some years back. And
Jerry Michalski: So it was lovely that she got to visit the museum, and she came back with a road sign that says, this is a kindness zone, and it looks exactly like a street sign that, you know, you would put in a neighborhood.
Jerry Michalski: And we're gonna put it up on the wall here, so that's kind of cool. So that's tiny.
Jerry Michalski: Then, separately, I've been reading Dan Brown's latest potboiler, The Secret of Secrets.
Jerry Michalski: And there'll be a tiny plot spoiler in what I say now, so if you really, really, really want to read a meh-written book, because Brown is not Faulkner, but one thing I love about Brown is, from The Da Vinci Code.
Jerry Michalski: I picked up in, you know, two-thirds of the way through the book, he has this thesis about the marginalization of the divine feminine.
Jerry Michalski: And I think I've told this story here before, but I loved that thesis, and I read Leonard Schlane's book, The Alphabet vs. the Goddess, within a couple months of the Da Vinci Code, and it has the same thesis in an academic work.
Klaus Mager: From a completely different perspective.
Jerry Michalski: And I had been chasing the word consumer for already a couple decades then, and I had gotten to the same place myself, thinking about yin and yang and a bunch of other stuff, all of which is a longer story. But all those three stories kind of clicked in my head in a really wonderful way, and I'm like, oh.
Jerry Michalski: And now I start reading Dan Brown, and one of the major plot points of The Secret of Secrets
Jerry Michalski: Is, non-local consciousness.
Jerry Michalski: And that snapped together with what Sunil Malhotra, a friend of OGM's, had said to me, I don't know, a year and a half ago. He basically said, hey, and I mentioned it on an OGM call somewhere.
Jerry Michalski: He said, hey, Jerry, what if consciousness isn't a thing that is… that materializes out of neurons in our heads when we have some kind of funny critical mass of neurons and activity, but what if consciousness is the background radiation
Jerry Michalski: of the universe.
Jerry Michalski: And we occupy it.
Jerry Michalski: We sort of… we snap in… we… we… we…
Jerry Michalski: tune into it, like a radio station, and then when we die, we sort of leave it, or meld back into it, something like that. And that really sort of
Jerry Michalski: changed the way I look at things. And then, by reading Dan Brown, I realized I had already put non-local consciousness in my brain from a completely different
Jerry Michalski: bit of research, and that it was the same general idea, that consciousness is, in fact, not a materialistic phenomenon of something that's happening in the chemistry in our heads, but is in fact a much broader thing.
Jerry Michalski: a thing I like, which gets you into woo-woo noetic science territory, which I'm beginning to respect a lot more.
Jerry Michalski: That… and so one of the interesting things in the plot point is, so Tuesday night, I stop someplace and have a meal and keep reading in the book, and I get to the point where they talk about GABA, the basically inhibitor or receptor in our heads.
Jerry Michalski: GABA is, gamma-aminobutyric acid, GABA, or GABA. And it appears to be the primary inhibitor
Jerry Michalski: in our neural system, which means that high levels of GABA keep us from being overwhelmed by the world's stimuli.
Jerry Michalski: And when you have low GABA, you're suddenly, like, you take in a whole lot more. And apparently, one of the mechanisms of epilepsy
Jerry Michalski: is a precipitous drop in GABA, which then causes your brain to be overwhelmed, and you go into seizure.
Jerry Michalski: Epileptics, when they come back out of a grand mall seizure, have moments of bliss, of like, you know, connection with the infinite, and then they sort of reboot their brains back into being online with the usual constraints and filters on and everything else.
Jerry Michalski: And then she's,
Jerry Michalski: the protagonist's other half, who's part of the plot, says, you know, have you ever done, like, hallucinogens? They seem to reduce your GABA
Jerry Michalski: levels so that you can perceive what's always happening around you. It's not that they generate a hallucination in your head, it's that they lower your filters so that you can see what's going on around you.
Jerry Michalski: Which was all very funny, because yesterday afternoon, I had my first psilocybin journey ever, which, in fact, for me, is my first trip ever. I've never done drugs.
Jerry Michalski: And a friend of mine in the neighborhood posted me at his place. It was incredibly safe and lovely. He's completely trustworthy, just, it was great, and I had a phenomenal experience. I felt connected to, like, the mycelial networks of the world.
Jerry Michalski: He had, grown the shrooms himself. You can order kits, et cetera, et cetera. It works fine. He had tested it on himself, so he knew it was gonna be good. And…
Jerry Michalski: it was really transformative. I had an incredible experience, and I'm still processing it. I tried during the experience to leave myself little dorms or candles or gateways to step back into the experience without doing the whole room thing. I don't know if that's going to work.
Jerry Michalski: But I had… I had a…
Jerry Michalski: Many different things happened. I felt like I was everything all at once-ish.
Jerry Michalski: I now understand special effects, and, you know, in movies a lot better, because they're basically just, like, copying what happens to you when you see everything.
Jerry Michalski: And, trying to, you know, map that into graphics and visuals. But, you know, the overwhelm you feel
Jerry Michalski: in the moment is not easily replicable in a movie theater when you're sitting staring at a screen far away, and you know that there's no immediate consequences to you. Anyway, I feel like I'm transformed a bit, I don't know how, but it was thrilling.
Jerry Michalski: And with that, I am complete.
Mike Nelson: Well, Jerry, I'll step up and
Mike Nelson: I had 1,700 different ways to go this week, but I'll start with where you left off.
Mike Nelson: It is gratifying to know that I am not the only person
Mike Nelson: from the West Coast, who has never done a trip of any type. I,
Mike Nelson: don't even… haven't even smoked a cigarette, which is… goes to show you how I… I did a total bypass past adolescence.
Mike Nelson: when I joined the Clinton administration in January of 20… January 1993,
Mike Nelson: We all had to get security clearances, and in my case, at a pretty high level.
Mike Nelson: And, of course, they have the… People interviewing you.
Mike Nelson: And because it was the Clinton administration, and we had a whole bunch of people in their late 20s and early 30s, the first question was, okay, how often have you done drugs, and are you still doing them? And I said, well, no, I've never done drugs.
Mike Nelson: And they just refused to believe this, because not only were, you know, every other person they had interviewed had done drugs in college, and several of them were doing drugs currently, and actually had to go on some kind of, you know, withdrawal plan, and had to be
Mike Nelson: Tested every couple weeks to make sure they were on it.
Mike Nelson: I didn't know how much they didn't believe me until I had two random drug tests in the next 10 days.
Mike Nelson: But apparently, you know, they chose to believe me, or maybe they just talked to somebody else who had worked with me when I was working with Gore in the Senate, and they were assured that, yeah, Mike Nelson, if there's anybody in the Clinton administration who hasn't done drugs, it's Mike Nelson.
Mike Nelson: But anyway, I, I am…
Mike Nelson: gonna riff on what you said about avoiding overstimulation, because the topic I was gonna lay out there is how I am feeling completely, absolutely, intellectually, politically.
Mike Nelson: overstimulated. This is partly because I spent Saturday at TEDx Mid-Atlantic.
Mike Nelson: And we had some very powerful talks by everyone from Joe Trippi to Michael McFaul, our former ambassador to Russia, to a rapper in DC who has sort of reinvented the business model.
Mike Nelson: He signed up with a major studio, he was doing cool stuff with other cool rappers, and he was going all over the country.
Mike Nelson: And he said, forget this, and he started Front Porch. And he just…
Mike Nelson: Goes out on his front porch, and he gets guests to come by, and they do things, and the neighborhood loves it.
Mike Nelson: And, not as lucrative, but a lot less exhausting. So, just one example of some of the wild ideas that came out. But I've also just been overstimulated by the politics of what's happened in the last 3 days.
Mike Nelson: Here in Virginia, of course, we've gotten a lot more political advertising than most.
Mike Nelson: You've all seen that one of my favorite former congresspeople,
Mike Nelson: Abigail Spanberger got elected. We've known her personally for about 6 years, and she's very close with one of our best friends. So we're just delighted that a moral, decent, smart, kind person could… and a young person,
Mike Nelson: become our new governor. Virginia's blessed. We have a term limit system. You only get to be governor for one four-year term.
Mike Nelson: And as a result, there's a lot of focus on building
Mike Nelson: talent, and being sure there's several choices. But we won the governorship, Lieutenant Governor, and Attorney General, which is going to be incredibly important, given all the lawsuits that we're going to have to file against the Trump administration.
Mike Nelson: But most importantly, we went from having a one-person majority for the Democrats in the legislature
Mike Nelson: To having a 14 seat.
Mike Nelson: Majority. So it's, you know, like, 52% to…
Mike Nelson: 61%, something like that. And around the country, we had other very impressive landslide victories. So, it's clear that people are fed up with what Mr. Trump has been doing.
Mike Nelson: In some cases, they're also saying they're fed up with what the Democrats are doing, but they know that the Democrats are unable to get organized, and therefore unable to do as much damage as Trump and his minions.
Mike Nelson: I'm also tracking a lot of technology developments around the world, and that's, again, overstimulating. There's just too much going on. The Chinese are…
Mike Nelson: Pushing forward a digital identity system, which they're gonna try to get other Countries, or at least
Mike Nelson: multinationals to use.
Mike Nelson: Clearly, that's going to have surveillance built in, so you're not going to be able to go anonymously from service to service on the internet.
Mike Nelson: the Internet Engineering Task Force was meeting this week, and one of the most lively debates was about a new
Mike Nelson: authentication system for… Digital transactions, and also a tool that would allow a website to prevent…
Mike Nelson: People from coming and scraping all the content on the website.
Mike Nelson: And this led to a lot of interest in discussions about, you know, well, can McDonald's use this to make sure that Burger King can't go on its website and find out what its prices are, or what its sales are by…
Mike Nelson: by store? I mean, it's really… it's… it's a good thing, because you do have these companies, these bots, that are scraping content and looking for a stray social security number, and they're just putting a huge demand on all these websites, including non-profit ones.
Mike Nelson: So, but how do you stop a bad person from abusing the openness of the internet while allowing a researcher to span,
Mike Nelson: 100,000 websites, and go search through terabytes of data.
Mike Nelson: tough, tough, tough issues, and we're… we're having all these discussions, but they're all kind of below the radar, because we're all fixated on whether AI will destroy world civilization.
Mike Nelson: So, I've been overstimulated, I don't know if I've stimulated you, but,
Mike Nelson: I am intrigued by your experience and this promise of…
Mike Nelson: finding a way to turn off the brain a little bit. I usually do that by going for long bike rides, which is my next,
Mike Nelson: my next thing, and I have to say, we have had
Mike Nelson: more than a week of spectacular weather. It is peak, peak, peak fall foliage here in Washington.
Mike Nelson: And I'm trying to enjoy that. Being semi-retired, I can enjoy that.
Mike Nelson: But, yeah, there's just… there's so much going on.
Mike Nelson: And I'd urge you to check out the Carnegie Endowment website, some of the sessions that we've had over the last two weeks on everything from
Mike Nelson: Information Ecology, a book by one of my new… by one of my colleagues, to a session I just listened to on the radical right.
Mike Nelson: And the New World Order. I mean, it's just a lot of big thinking going on, a lot of change happening, which, of course, could mean…
Mike Nelson: That we could have.
Mike Nelson: an improvement.
Mike Nelson: Nelson's law of life is that nothing Improves unless it changes.
Mike Nelson: Murphy's corollary to Nelson's Law is that not every change is an improvement.
Mike Nelson: But I'm gonna try to help.
Mike Nelson: Push people in the direction of improvement.
Mike Nelson: Thank you. Long, long, somewhat optimistic.
Mike Nelson: Screed.
Victoria (Spain): I really don't know what to say after all your tickings, because…
Victoria (Spain): I have just been writing my novel.
Victoria (Spain): Researching about how people seek certainty.
Victoria (Spain): And attending a workshop, to which now I have a session, so I will have to leave early.
Victoria (Spain): In which I am observing a curious thing.
Victoria (Spain): If people doesn't have curiosity, even if they are adults, willingly.
Victoria (Spain): engaged in a workshop. They say they are interested in learning something.
Victoria (Spain): But in the end, when… in the community side, I post, some questions or some things to trigger conversations.
Victoria (Spain): Nobody responds.
Victoria (Spain): Nice!
Victoria (Spain): a former, what's the name? Because sometimes…
Victoria (Spain): I… I have been designing courses for companies and everything, so…
Victoria (Spain): For me, it's incredible how curiosity is dropping in our world. So this is one of the things I'm also, like, taking notes about and trying to understand.
Victoria (Spain): But I'm not as engaged as you are in all those great things and experiences.
Victoria (Spain): So, that's my little check-in.
Stacey Druss: Can I… can I use my check-in to answer, Victoria?
Stacey Druss: since I didn'.
Jerry Michalski: No.
Jerry Michalski: Although Victoria's gonna drop off the call at the top of the hour, so she won't hear you if you do it later, so yes.
Stacey Druss: Okay, thank you for rethinking.
Jerry Michalski: Yeah.
Stacey Druss: I would love to answer your question about how I approach certainty, if you're interested, because I've been… I'm really clear on how I do it.
Stacey Druss: I think of every story as being… there's two truths and a lie in it.
Stacey Druss: So I'm always… that helps me to keep an open mind, and I'm always trying to figure out which is the lie. So it's a constant process of, well, it could be that, or it could be this. And that's how I keep going every step of the way.
Stacey Druss: So I just wanted to share that.
Jerry Michalski: Thanks, Stacey.
Jerry Michalski: We now return to our regular program, which is already in progress.
Jerry Michalski: And we have a couple people who haven't checked in yet.
Doug Breitbart: So I'll go next. So this is sort of…
Doug Breitbart: Zooming way, way, way, way, way in.
Doug Breitbart: And zooming way, way, way out at the same time.
Doug Breitbart: So, at the tender age of 69, as an ADD person, my executive function is finally fully matured.
Doug Breitbart: And, with that, I have found a…
Doug Breitbart: I think, huge expansion of capacity, capability.
Doug Breitbart: To grapple with things, and play with things, and do things, and use things.
Doug Breitbart: That, you know, were opaque and impenetrable and unusable before.
Doug Breitbart: So, one of the phenomena of my daily reality up until about a week ago was, 4 to 5 browser windows with 3 monitors, each one with 45 to 50 tabs.
Doug Breitbart: And, because on one hand.
Doug Breitbart: That was my way of… having things up.
Doug Breitbart: That I didn't want to lose. Of course, when you have 250 tabs that you can't see because they're Microsoft small, you can't differentiate. It's not as if you can find anything that way either. But, emotionally.
Doug Breitbart: They're there. They exist.
Doug Breitbart: And… So, approaching your computer first thing in the morning with that.
Doug Breitbart: Was always not fun.
Doug Breitbart: it was always, like, this overwhelming crap. Like…
Doug Breitbart: what do I do now? And…
Doug Breitbart: And I was thinking about, you know, browser functionalities, and I saw something that sort of flashed that I hadn't really… I knew the capability had to be in there, but I didn't know what it was called, or where to find it, and then I noticed in a menu
Doug Breitbart: Something called… Tab Groups.
Doug Breitbart: And it was, like… Okay, I think, I think, this is my path to…
Doug Breitbart: emancipation, to tab emancipation. And, and because of newly vested executive function, I was able to, like.
Doug Breitbart: open it up and learn it and master it very, very quickly, and I was able to take those 250 tabs and
Doug Breitbart: sort and bucket them into groups, and I was able to then close those groups, and then I was able to close the browser windows of those groups, and freed up my machine's resources. And all of a sudden, like, my computer… my poor little laptop that could, that I was asking, you know, mini-computer demands on.
Doug Breitbart: was able to function again, and, like, things started to flow, and I could close all that stuff, and only have the one or two tab groups
Doug Breitbart: Up that were relevant in that moment to actually do work and not be in overwhelm.
Doug Breitbart: This is life-changing.
Doug Breitbart: For someone like me, And… Pulling way, way, way, way, way out.
Doug Breitbart: It goes under the heading in my… You know, working reality of… the… The most meaningful questions
Doug Breitbart: For me, in terms of what am I…
Doug Breitbart: devoting my attention to what am I engaging with and why?
Doug Breitbart: is, Based on the belief that every human being
Doug Breitbart: Has value to add and contribute.
Doug Breitbart: And… The only meaningful operative question inquiry If you buy that, is…
Doug Breitbart: What do each one of those individuals need in order to be enabled to contribute?
Doug Breitbart: And then the third and closing inquiry is, Based on that.
Doug Breitbart: How do we meet everyone's needs?
Doug Breitbart: And… Pretty much everything else.
Doug Breitbart: If it is not germane to those inquiries, is… substantially irrelevant.
Doug Breitbart: So that's the zooming out.
Doug Breitbart: So, I found what I needed, In tab groups?
Doug Breitbart: It unleashed a flood tide of capacity, Of organizing, of…
Doug Breitbart: moving into action of unleashing the hounds in all sorts of ways, and now I'm going to close with the immediate nexus that OGM represents in my world.
Doug Breitbart: So, what's starting to happen is I'm touching a bunch of projects that a lot of you are familiar with, because they're projects of OGM people, or people that have dipped in and out of here.
Doug Breitbart: And… They're starting… 2.
Doug Breitbart: cross-connect.
Doug Breitbart: via individuals and conversations. They're starting to coalesce, where, you know, two completely independent projects have managed to connect, and all of a sudden they're talking, and…
Doug Breitbart: I have awareness of the one, and I have awareness of the other, and I have awareness of how they complement and fit into a larger context.
Doug Breitbart: And…
Doug Breitbart: I'd say 60% of them… there's a list of about 12. 60% of them all have OGM in common.
Doug Breitbart: So… Jerry, a hat tip.
Doug Breitbart: For… Being, you know, the energetic center of gravity.
Doug Breitbart: Out of which, a lot of these things, for me.
Doug Breitbart: We're connected with and met, and now coalesceable.
Doug Breitbart: In some fashion that I have yet to…
Doug Breitbart: No completely, but that I'm working on. So, anyway, with that, I'm complete.
Jerry Michalski: Rick, I don't know if you're just listening in, or if you want to step in,
Jerry Michalski: But I don't want to hold up our transition to conversation.
Jerry Michalski: So I'm gonna pause a moment.
Jerry Michalski: Am I missing anybody else? Did somebody else not go?
Jerry Michalski: We're all set, good.
Rick Botelho: I'll pass, Joey, go ahead.
Jerry Michalski: Okay, thanks, Rick.
Jerry Michalski: We are now officially in conversation mode.
Jerry Michalski: Excellent. Mike took that cue instantaneously, and put the Carnegie calendar onto the chat, which I was going to ask you to do, so fabulous, thank you so much.
Jerry Michalski: And, anybody, we've got, like, five, four hands up immediately. Okay, so Mike, you're first.
Mike Nelson: Well, I not only acted immediately, I jumped the gun.
Mike Nelson: with my hand, but one of the issues I didn't raise, and this is weighing on… weighing on me a great deal,
Mike Nelson: Our library at Carnegie gets the Wall Street Journal.
Mike Nelson: I used to subscribe to it.
Mike Nelson: But the fact that it's owned by Murdoch makes it morally ambiguous to… Pay, support his profits.
Mike Nelson: But I do like to support the journalists, and I do try to publicize the great articles that I read.
Mike Nelson: From the hard copy that we have at our library.
Mike Nelson: Every day for the last 3 weeks, there's been at least one article along the lines of, oh my god, it's an AI bubble!
Mike Nelson: And different versions on why it is.
Mike Nelson: It's been clear to me for at least 2 years that we're on this track. It's so reminiscent of what happened with, Time Warner and it being bought by AOL.
Mike Nelson: I mean, OpenAI is the AOL of our day, has a completely overinflated stock price, and
Mike Nelson: Altman's doing exactly the right thing, and using it to buy all sorts of, do all sorts of deals.
Mike Nelson: Which are gonna not look very good in a year or two.
Mike Nelson: But… This bubble is… Going to deflate, either
Mike Nelson: in a few weeks, or in a few years, it's clear we're not going to maintain the kind of growth that we've seen from NVIDIA and some of these other companies.
Mike Nelson: And the questions I have for anybody here who has the courage to give financial advice
Mike Nelson: Is it going to drag down just the AI-related companies? Or is it going to drag down the entire tech sector?
Mike Nelson: Or is it gonna drag down the entire market? One of the articles in the Wall Street Journal was.
Mike Nelson: The U.S. economy is now AI.
Mike Nelson: It made the point that all of the growth that we've seen in more than 12 months.
Mike Nelson: is because of all the investment that's going into these data centers. I mean, if you just take that out.
Mike Nelson: The economy's been flat.
Mike Nelson: And Trump is doing everything he can to make it go down. So, my question, because I was very lucky, I was employing number 130 at Cloudflare before it went IPO,
Mike Nelson: A good chunk of my retirement portfolio is still in Cloudflare stock.
Mike Nelson: And other parts of my portfolio are in IBM stock.
Mike Nelson: And other tech companies, because I tend to invest in what I know.
Mike Nelson: So I'm just curious, I mean, how many of you are thinking of
Mike Nelson: Pulling out the profits from your tech investments.
Mike Nelson: That's… An easy question.
Mike Nelson: And if you are, what in the hell do you put the…
Mike Nelson: proceeds into. I mean, I… I just…
Mike Nelson: I have no clue what a good strategy here is. I mean, the reason gold is up by a factor of 3 is a lot of other people are confused, too, when they figure, well, okay, I'll put it in something that will somehow have value someday.
Mike Nelson: We've never… I don't… I don't remember a discussion like this, and maybe that's because people don't like to talk finances, and people have… or because people have very good financial advisors. I have a very good financial advisor, but…
Mike Nelson: you know, he… and he's got, you know, some suggestions, but I'm just curious how many of you are…
Mike Nelson: Thinking of strategies for the upcoming bubble.
Jerry Michalski: Thanks, Mike. And we're not a financially-oriented group, or that necessarily expert in this. There's probably different depths of expertise in the group on that, but it might make a good topic for a call. Like, is there a bubble? What is the bubble? And…
Jerry Michalski: I haven't had a chance to read all the too many articles about, oh my god, there's a bubble, but a couple of them are trying to unpack. There could be several different bubbles going on, and here's how they fit and relate, which I find really fascinating, because
Jerry Michalski: I think there's clearly a bubble in a piece of it. There's, like, this frenzy to do AGI, but there's other parts that are not so bubbly, and I don't know, it's a really good, juicy, complex issue. And I haven't even addressed the, you know, do you divest all tech? The problem with previous bubbles is
Jerry Michalski: If you heeded the first warnings of, oh my god, we're in a bubble, you would miss the actual big run-up.
Jerry Michalski: And you would sell too early, and then if you miss the fall, because usually it's the first couple people who get off the merry-go-round who profit a lot, then you lose everything. So timing is everything in these things, and it's a little nutty, so…
Mike Nelson: Yeah, well, this was a… this was meant to be a two-minute discussion.
Jerry Michalski: Yeah. And it really is kind of, you know, put your hand up if you think there is a bubble.
Mike Nelson: And then put your other hand up if you're gonna try to…
Mike Nelson: Dramatically reduce your exposure in the tech… not dramatically, but significantly reduce your exposure in the tech sector.
Jerry Michalski: Literally.
Mike Nelson: If you have a one-sentence answer to, where would you put your money, you can put that in the chat.
Jerry Michalski: Let's do that. Raise your hand if you think there's a bubble.
Mike Nelson: I think there's 3 bubbles. There's one in cloud computing, one in AI chips, and then one in cryptocurrency, which is… that's a whole other topic.
Jerry Michalski: Cool. And then raise your hand if you're seriously thinking about maybe disinvesting, changing your investment strategy.
Mike Nelson: Cool. Three and a half, that's, that's… thank you, that's very helpful for…
Mike Nelson: Reducing my anxiety a little bit.
Jerry Michalski: And it's a great question, Mike, thank you.
Mike Nelson: And is pork bellies the place I should put all my money?
Jerry Michalski: No, try rye Coins. I put a Wikipedia link in the chat. It's the big stones they used to use, as currency. I think you need to find one of those and, like, roll it around the living room as your asset.
Mike Nelson: I thought that was the island of Yap.
Jerry Michalski: That could well be.
Pete Kaminski: It's the future.
Jerry Michalski: There's a way, there's.
Doug Breitbart: There's also…
Jerry Michalski: Totally, yeah.
Doug Breitbart: There's also the guy, Mike, behind the big short in the real estate crash.
Doug Breitbart: Who has a fund? Who is, set up to short the tech sector?
Doug Breitbart: like, just, if you want to go straight Contra, like, he'd be happy to take your money.
Jerry Michalski: Is it Michael Burry, or…
Mike Nelson: Michael Burry, if you haven't seen…
Jerry Michalski: That is him. Shit, wow. Okay.
Mike Nelson: I've seen the interview.
Doug Breitbart: back.
Mike Nelson: Wow! I haven't seen the interview with the CEO of Palantir. Karp was interviewed about the fact that Burry had shorted Palantir. A lot.
Doug Breitbart: And then Lydia.
Mike Nelson: looked panicked. It's like, oh, this is really bad, oh, this is not fair, oh.
Mike Nelson: And his stock price went down 12%, so…
Doug Breitbart: Dear.
Jerry Michalski: I've got…
Doug Breitbart: You're in the headlights.
Jerry Michalski: So I've got a New Yorker article, that's titled, Michael Burry, Real Life Market Genius from the Big Short, Thinks Another Financial Crisis is Looming, dated, 2016.
Jerry Michalski: So he would have missed… he would have missed a decade of run-up.
Mike Nelson: Yep.
Jerry Michalski: And if you… I don't know when you run out of money from shorting, but you do at some point.
Jerry Michalski: That was part of the problem with The Big Short. I… and by the way, the Big Short movie and book are among my favorite
Jerry Michalski: bits of media like that. They're just so insightful. Gil, Gil, please.
Gil Friend • Sustainability OG • CxO Coach: And the guy who wrote the Big Short has done a series of books of similar depth and insight. Really terrific. Michael somebody?
Mike Nelson: Lewis.
Gil Friend • Sustainability OG • CxO Coach: My brother lives here in Berkeley.
Mike Nelson: He did Moneyball as well.
Gil Friend • Sustainability OG • CxO Coach: Moneyball and a bunch of things. Yeah, brilliant, brilliant guy. I just first want to say, what a fine bunch of humans you all are.
Gil Friend • Sustainability OG • CxO Coach: sitting call, just listening to the quick summaries from everybody. couple of things.
Gil Friend • Sustainability OG • CxO Coach: Mike, I think I heard you say that when to get out is obvious, and obviously it's not obvious.
Mike Nelson: Oh, I didn't.
Gil Friend • Sustainability OG • CxO Coach: For the reason that Jerry said, because bubbles and FOMO are the kind of similar phenomena.
Gil Friend • Sustainability OG • CxO Coach: You know, I mean, how can tech go higher, but you can't miss out on it going higher? Same with gold, same with Bitcoin, there's this weird psychological thing in there.
Gil Friend • Sustainability OG • CxO Coach: golly, a couple of pieces here I want to tie together.
Gil Friend • Sustainability OG • CxO Coach: I've mentioned Ben Hunt before from Epsilon Theory. He's now launched a new site called Panoptica.ai, which I encourage people to take a look at.
Gil Friend • Sustainability OG • CxO Coach: Ben and his partner, Rusty Gwynn, have been tracking narratives globally. They've built AIs that scan, I don't know, 8… Alex, this is to your point about media scans, scanning 8,000 sites around the world on a regular basis and distilling the trends of what's being talked about. So they have multicolored, complex graphs showing the rise and fall of conversations about things like
Gil Friend • Sustainability OG • CxO Coach: bubbles, or bubbles in this or that, recession, interest rates, and so forth. It's a fascinating meta-view.
Gil Friend • Sustainability OG • CxO Coach: on the stories that power the world. Ben also runs an asset management company called Second Foundation Partners. He is a confessed longtime short.
Gil Friend • Sustainability OG • CxO Coach: Short of the real estate bubble back in 2008, and so, you know, can somebody be a short for a long time? Maybe so.
Gil Friend • Sustainability OG • CxO Coach: The Panoptica site also has got a wealth of articles and analysis and so forth, really fascinating stuff, much of it very OGM-y, so have a look at that. On the,
Gil Friend • Sustainability OG • CxO Coach: On the filters and the new scan, just to note that not just Panoptica, but our very own Marshall Kirkpatrick has been building a system that does that, focused around sustainability and regeneration. Doing scans of trends, building products for companies around that, some very interesting stuff in the workbench there.
Gil Friend • Sustainability OG • CxO Coach: Marshall's rarely on these calls, but he's up to some interesting stuff.
Gil Friend • Sustainability OG • CxO Coach: on that. And,
Gil Friend • Sustainability OG • CxO Coach: The other thing I want to say about AI is that I was, spent Tuesday at Capgemini, the French, consultancy. I've been working with them on their net positive… excuse me… net positive projects, which the company appears to have made a major commitment to.
Gil Friend • Sustainability OG • CxO Coach: We've just gone through the second year of training. Each year, like, a cohort of 100, Hispanic-orient… Hispanic background, managers and executives in sustainability and net positive. Fascinating process,
Gil Friend • Sustainability OG • CxO Coach: Planting seeds in…
Gil Friend • Sustainability OG • CxO Coach: hundreds of companies about that. But Tuesday, we had a presentation from a guy named Andres Sjoborn.
Gil Friend • Sustainability OG • CxO Coach: who was, I think, their lead or one of their leads on AI, and it was a fascinating hour-long overview of the field, and how he sees it, and the kind of integrations that companies are doing in applications of AI. I've asked him for the slides, I don't know if they're publicly available. If I do get them, I'll share them here.
Gil Friend • Sustainability OG • CxO Coach: But might be somebody to track. And,
Gil Friend • Sustainability OG • CxO Coach: One other thing here… two other things here. David, really intrigued to hear your discussion about growth and where… and your evolution around the conversation that you're in. You and I have intersected on a little bit of, and I'd love to talk with you more about that.
Gil Friend • Sustainability OG • CxO Coach: Because I think as we go into… when we look at the biological roots of the world that we live in,
Gil Friend • Sustainability OG • CxO Coach: A lot of Mahima stories don't hold up very well. I'll just leave it at that for now and talk more about that another time.
Gil Friend • Sustainability OG • CxO Coach: Even… well, I'll say one other thing. Even, like, our current widespread irateness about what we call corruption.
Gil Friend • Sustainability OG • CxO Coach: Which maybe is not that different from predator-prey relationships and parasite relationships and the things that living systems do, just as kind of part of the game.
Gil Friend • Sustainability OG • CxO Coach: You know, there's a striving for advantage, and there's a countervailing opposition to the advantage, and that may just be what it is. And so, not to say we shouldn't resist corruption, but we maybe should not be quite as surprised and outraged and hopeful of a world without it.
Gil Friend • Sustainability OG • CxO Coach: Given that. And the other thing I just wanted to comment on from the top of the call, Scott, I was fascinated by what you talked about, about the, you know, Kevin McCloud and being the most widespread. Did we lose Scott?
Gil Friend • Sustainability OG • CxO Coach: Oh gosh, too bad.
Jerry Michalski: No, Scott's still on the call.
Gil Friend • Sustainability OG • CxO Coach: Okay. He's muted and no video, but… He's hidden, I'm not seeing the video, okay. Yep. So,
Gil Friend • Sustainability OG • CxO Coach: It just echoed for me the line from whoever it was, somebody here knows about it. It's amazing what you can get done if you're not concerned with getting credit for it.
Jerry Michalski: Yep.
Gil Friend • Sustainability OG • CxO Coach: And so I was thinking about… about… Kevin McCloud and Scott and Scott's deck and other decks that I've seen other people do, and the thought about, about, you know, revolutionary Legos. Like, building… building the pieces of the puzzle and just…
Gil Friend • Sustainability OG • CxO Coach: throwing them out there in a way where they self-propagate like apparently Kevin McCloud's been able to do, rather than trying to build complete strategies, but to feed the development of multiple strategies around the world. Just an intriguing idea, that resonated very powerfully from what Scott said. So, Scott, thank you for that.
Gil Friend • Sustainability OG • CxO Coach: And I'll be chewing on that for a while, I'm complete.
Jerry Michalski: Thank you. There's a bunch of stuff. Poss, please.
Klaus Mager: Yeah, I mean, it's also AI-related, but I've been running into a really interesting phenomenon where every part of the economy is working to integrate AI into their flow.
Klaus Mager: But when you are talking with NGOs and, and,
Klaus Mager: You know, particularly in my food and agriculture space.
Klaus Mager: there is almost an emotional rejection of wanting to deal with AI.
Klaus Mager: And the reasons given is it uses too much electricity, is the first thing you hear, it uses water. But there is that… there has been… and I'm now thinking, you know, how can something like this penetrate so effectively into an entire sector?
Klaus Mager: Yeah, because the, the, the, these opinions are being held pretty universally.
Klaus Mager: And it disempowers non-profit groups
Klaus Mager: from engaging with this technology, which is so powerful. Now, I mean, I can do a search, I mean, David just asked a question about the Bill Gates Foundation. It took me, like, 5 seconds to find this.
Klaus Mager: Not because my AI is customized into these particular topics.
Klaus Mager: So we now have a relationship with the Schumacher Institute, and George Paul is taking it on.
Klaus Mager: to work with the open food, the open global food system. It's a non-profit group, operates in 20 countries, and they're working with food hubs now, and they're in this small CSA, farmers markets.
Klaus Mager: type of environment, and we are going to track them into the AI world.
Klaus Mager: And with two objectives. One is to get them into wholesale markets, and the other one is to get farmers paid for environmental services.
Klaus Mager: You know, and I already know it can be done. I mean, I've done the basic research with the AI to figure this out. And here in Oregon, the Oregon…
Klaus Mager: Community Foundation, which is a $20 billion foundation, has also agreed to work with me. And so I have a meeting next week, where the director, you know, wants to
Klaus Mager: set up a conversation with a catering organization, the hospital co-catering director, and see how could we do this. And so, just to
Klaus Mager: to make this incredible technology available, you know, to support these industries, and to build a bridge. I mean, you really have to see yourself as a translation service, you know, because all the knowledge is already out there.
Klaus Mager: But to track these groups in, and I must say, the effectiveness with which NGOs have been neutralized from using AI and working with it is just stunning.
Klaus Mager: You know, I don't know who came up with this idea of emphasizing this discussion around, don't use it, it's bad for the environment, but it sure worked, and it's taking, you know, a lot of effort to overcome that rejection.
Jerry Michalski: Thanks, Klaus. Rick, please.
Rick Botelho: I'll maybe bounce off of that, because I've had conversations with academics who have this anti-AI mindset.
Rick Botelho: For the environmental, et cetera, et cetera reasons. I just had one with a colleague of mine who's a professor of global studies at UNC about this very issue. He talked about that last breakfast coffee meeting.
Rick Botelho: And one of the things I'm absolutely fascinated with, and I'm trying to develop my own skills.
Rick Botelho: Is the whole notion of co-intelligence.
Rick Botelho: not just from an individual level, but from a collective perspective, which, you know, touches on Klaus's point.
Rick Botelho: Because what you're able to do and achieve
Rick Botelho: is mind-blowing. I'm just blown away by what you can do.
Rick Botelho: But what I've been working on for some time, and I've dropped it here and there in different places.
Rick Botelho: is trying… and I mentioned this phrase before, and I remember Mike saying, keep it simple, about, HAN, which is, you know, humanist guided.
Rick Botelho: AI enabled.
Rick Botelho: Emancipatory neoloney. And I've made some little vignettes explaining that, what Hen means.
Rick Botelho: And, you know, we live in this incredible culture of indoctrination.
Rick Botelho: And it's so pervasive.
Rick Botelho: that, the point that you put in your little chat there, Mike, about curiosity, I mean, to me, curiosity is the most fundamental skill and inquiry skills that we need to have to be able to, mitigate against
Rick Botelho: The pervasive forces of neoliberalism, reductionist, indoctrination, yada.
Rick Botelho: And I'll just share something which is still work in progress, and it's about how to create
Rick Botelho: emancipatory learning communities, and developing learning assets that stimulates people's curiosities and inquiries to ask even better questions and more complex questions, or compound questions, I should say.
Rick Botelho: And that's the beauty about AI, is that you can… I mean, it… you know, we have a reductionist mindset to questioning, and we frame it, and we… whatever. Well, in a compound philosophical question, you can put everything in the kitchen sink in there and see what comes out, and then you can go back and see patterns that you would, or even come across a new concept you've never heard of before, and we've all done that sort of stuff.
Rick Botelho: And the question is, how can we create, you know, an environment where people can learn how to become open-minded, truth-seeking, virtuous freethinkers, so that we can mitigate against all the propaganda that we're
Rick Botelho: bombarded with on a regular basis. Anyway, I'll share something in the chat.
Rick Botelho: for those who are curious about it. It's still a work in progress, and I still feel like I've got some ways to go in terms of how to create learning communities around this, which are, designed to be more, group-centered and based on principles of sociocracy and whatever. So I'll put it in the chat, so…
Rick Botelho: I just… I think the opportunities for co-intelligence is just…
Rick Botelho: You know, Klaus, I concur with you.
Rick Botelho: let's up our skills. How can we… how can we learn from each other more effectively about how to do that? So…
Rick Botelho: Thanks.
Jerry Michalski: Thanks, Rick.
Jerry Michalski: Alex.
Alex Kladitis: Right, Mike, I'll make it easy for you, for your investment conundrum.
Alex Kladitis: And it goes like this. I'm the world's worst possible investor.
Alex Kladitis: I have always sold when I should have bought, and bought when I should have sold.
Alex Kladitis: So, a few years back, and quite a few years back, I made the really great decision to keep 40% of my money in cash.
Alex Kladitis: Pure cash.
Alex Kladitis: Because, obviously, the market's gonna crash.
Alex Kladitis: And it's still there.
Alex Kladitis: And I haven't yet bought into the market.
Alex Kladitis: But as soon as I'm tempted and I buy the market.
Alex Kladitis: I will actually let all of you know that I've done it, because that is a time to get out of it.
Alex Kladitis: But so far, I have not done that.
Mike Nelson: The critical question is, is it cash in dollars, or cash in Swiss francs?
Alex Kladitis: It's cash. It's cash that's losing its value wherever you are.
Mike Nelson: Except if you'd put it in Swiss francs, we were just…
Alex Kladitis: Yes, no, I didn't put it there, I didn't put it there.
Mike Nelson: Thank you, Alex. This is what… the reason I ask is I am in the same category you are. I have, you know, I have sold… sold shares that, you know, went on to.
Alex Kladitis: Yeah.
Mike Nelson: Value by a factor of 6.
Alex Kladitis: There's a few nightmare stories behind that, but so that was… I just wanted to point that out. The other thing is, Pete, I'm interested in the sheaf methodology. I'd love to get in touch with you.
Alex Kladitis: And one more, someone said something… oh, and Doug, a long time ago, a year ago, we spoke about a game you wanted?
Alex Kladitis: Do you remember that conversation?
Alex Kladitis: Let's touch… let's get together, because…
Alex Kladitis: I can show you how to do it yourself, given all these AI things that we've spoken about.
Alex Kladitis: You won't even have to… you don't even need me, just… I just need to show you.
Alex Kladitis: But Pete can, and everybody can, really.
Alex Kladitis: That's it.
Doug Breitbart: Would love, would love that, thank you.
Jerry Michalski: Cool, cool, cool.
Jerry Michalski: Thank you much, Pete!
Pete Kaminski: Real quick, I put some of it in the chat, and I feel like I didn't express it very well, but Mike, your question is really interesting, about whether we're in a bubble. I think we've been in a bubble since about the PC era, more or less. I don't… it's one big tech bubble inflation thing going on. It goes up and down, but the whole thing is going big, and changing the world, and changing us.
Pete Kaminski: Ai feels like some kind of endgame. Either it's gonna usher in, you know, amazing productivity and social justice and everything's gonna be wonderful, or
Pete Kaminski: the whole thing's gonna crash hard because we've turned all… all matter into GPUs, or something, right? I think what's really gonna happen is some weird thing in the middle.
Pete Kaminski: But it feels…
Pete Kaminski: it's hard to say this out loud to professional people who care, but it feels like we're kind of post, you know, what do I do with the market? Do I do cash? Do I do gold? Do I do Bitcoin? You know, all of that.
Pete Kaminski: all of that seems like the wrong questions at this point. So, when… when we said, are we in a bubble, and I go like this, it's like, we're… we're…
Pete Kaminski: passed…
Pete Kaminski: where we've ever even thought about bubbles, where they go, you know? It's… we're in weird territory here. So I think that's kind of what to… what to discuss.
Jerry Michalski: we're sort of in too-big-to-fail territory, and I've seen a couple articles there, too, which is like, this has eaten so much of the economy that this is called the government put, or something like that, where you get to a scale where you can just keep plowing ahead confidently, because the government's gonna backstop you somehow.
Jerry Michalski: And you'll wind up.
Pete Kaminski: Okay. Now…
Pete Kaminski: And now we put AI instead of, you know, AI is going to backstop you. Will it? Won't it? Maybe that will be great, but we won't be able to eat because, as Klaus has told us, you know, we need to figure out fast how to apply AI to actually growing things and delivering food, and making soil regenerative, and all that stuff. So, it's a weird place.
Jerry Michalski: Absolutely.
Jerry Michalski: Thank you. Gil, you may have the last word? Actually, no, Doug's gonna have the last word, so go ahead, Gil.
Gil Friend • Sustainability OG • CxO Coach: Well, let me try to be fast, so there's room for Doug. So,
Gil Friend • Sustainability OG • CxO Coach: Golly, so I had a thing to say, but Pete, what you just said, it's not like we need AI to figure out how to grow food regeneratively, we actually know how to do that. And many of our problems are not technology problems, they're social organization and ownership problems.
Gil Friend • Sustainability OG • CxO Coach: But that's a conversation for another time.
Gil Friend • Sustainability OG • CxO Coach: Ai and bubbles… I mean, it's not one big bubble, it's a series of bubbles. Some of them have stabilized, some of them have not.
Gil Friend • Sustainability OG • CxO Coach: The backstopping, you know, in 2008, the government bailed out some of the banks and not others. This is the whole too-big-to-fail game, and we're in another one of those now. Jerry, to your point, the numbers I hear from Ben Hunt are that,
Gil Friend • Sustainability OG • CxO Coach: The tech sector, which is about 5% of GDP, is now pouring more money into the economy than the consumer sector, which is about 30% of the GDP.
Gil Friend • Sustainability OG • CxO Coach: And that's the only thing keeping the economy afloat at this point.
Gil Friend • Sustainability OG • CxO Coach: And so, yeah, will something…
Jerry Michalski: masking the effects of tariffs, or whatever else might be happening. It's totally swamping all that other stuff.
Gil Friend • Sustainability OG • CxO Coach: for the moment, and so… and so that's a… that's, you know, somebody's on a pump, pumping that bubble to keep that afloat. There's that. On the data center,
Gil Friend • Sustainability OG • CxO Coach: footprint question, which you've talked about a bunch before, it's not just turning AI to solve the problems of agriculture, we're turning AI to design the data centers of the future, and it turns out that Microsoft has been doing that over the last
Gil Friend • Sustainability OG • CxO Coach: 8 years or so. There's a book out just now by Joanne Garvin called, Innovation at Microsoft. She led the Data Center of the Future project, and they've designed data centers that are net-zero energy and net-zero water.
Gil Friend • Sustainability OG • CxO Coach: Are they building them? Doesn't seem to be, and I don't know if anybody is yet, but at least there's that as a theoretical possibility, not just for data centers, but potentially for everything, if we chose to go that way. But again, it's not, can we do it technically, it's will we do it?
Gil Friend • Sustainability OG • CxO Coach: Politically, economically, financially, and so forth. Last, back to Mike's question about where do I move the money if I'm taking it out of tech and gold and Bitcoin and so forth.
Gil Friend • Sustainability OG • CxO Coach: My financial advisor and just about every smart financial… well, who I'm calling a smart financial advisor that I've spoken to, says, find your asset allocation strategy and stay there.
Gil Friend • Sustainability OG • CxO Coach: And I periodically go back to my guy and say, well, like, shouldn't we be moving some money here? He says, no. No, just…
Gil Friend • Sustainability OG • CxO Coach: allocate and stay there and rebalance periodically, and that's the way that you move tech profits into other sectors. The one place where I'm disagreeing with him, I think, is that I think we should be much more offshore than we are now.
Gil Friend • Sustainability OG • CxO Coach: you know, diversify out of the United States into international much more than we are now, just because of the instability of here.
Gil Friend • Sustainability OG • CxO Coach: So that's, you know, that's how I'm thinking about it.
Jerry Michalski: Too bad the scoop's got nothing to say.
Gil Friend • Sustainability OG • CxO Coach: I just drove Mike off the screen by saying that, oh my god.
Jerry Michalski: No, no, no, Doug, your hand is down, but, that might have been accidental.
Doug Breitbart: Alright.
Doug Breitbart: I just, I just wanted to throw in, and this is empirical.
Doug Breitbart: With the rate at which energy technology, battery technology, quantum computing, and the rest are Progressing.
Doug Breitbart: These massive billion-dollar data center Investments.
Doug Breitbart: Are obsolete in 18 months.
Doug Breitbart: How does it make sense?
Doug Breitbart: Like, just on an intuitive, logical level, It doesn't make sense.
Doug Breitbart: It's gotta blow up.
Doug Breitbart: You know, when it's too good to be true, it just doesn't. It defies reality.
Doug Breitbart: And… when… The biggest players in the world are canning 30, 40, 50,000 people.
Doug Breitbart: To divert resource to constructing data centers.
Doug Breitbart: That's the end. That's not the beginning of the end. That's not a bubble.
Doug Breitbart: That's the end of whatever this has been.
Doug Breitbart: It sort of reached its insane… logical conclusion.
Doug Breitbart: As a… as a capitalist, You know, train run amok.
Jerry Michalski: We only need $7 trillion, and we can push right through that little eye of the needle and get into the singularity, don't you want that?
Doug Breitbart: So, so, yeah, I don't… I don't know what's after that, but I do know what's ending.
Doug Breitbart: Thank God.
Doug Breitbart: Like, it needed to go away.
Doug Breitbart: We need to do us differently and better if we're not gonna go extinct.
Jerry Michalski: This conversation does not want to go extinct either. Go ahead.
Alex Kladitis: Sorry, Doug mentioned a couple of things, it was really interesting. So…
Alex Kladitis: I was in the throes of the, blockchain…
Alex Kladitis: temperature in 2015 or thereabouts. NVIDIA shares skyrocketed because they were making the cars that were being used by the… the people that were mining Bitcoin and all the good things.
Alex Kladitis: And the prices went up.
Alex Kladitis: But what actually happened, Doug, and this is interesting what you said, is that
Alex Kladitis: the technology was moving so quickly that the cards, the graphics cards they were producing, became obsolete, exactly as you said, within 18 months. So what happened, there was a backwash in the market of very good cards.
Alex Kladitis: which were useful for games. So there was a second-hand market whilst they were building the latest ones. So it just reminded me of this situation where
Alex Kladitis: All these data centers that are going to become obsolete, maybe they can… that will produce cheap, alternative…
Alex Kladitis: Computing power for something.
Alex Kladitis: What that something is, I have no idea, but I just thought I'd… mention it.
Jerry Michalski: Thank you very much.
Jerry Michalski: Okay, let's take a deep breath.
Jerry Michalski: And then, we can close out this call. We have several different topics proposed for future calls, really juicy ones, so…
Gil Friend • Sustainability OG • CxO Coach: I'll pick from among those, and .
Jerry Michalski: I thank you very much, this has been… Delightful.
Jerry Michalski: Let's be careful out there.